README.md, before:

# AR Magic Lantern SDK
**[GitHub](https://github.com/fubilab/arml-sdk) ·
  [Documentation](https://fubilab.github.io/arml-sdk/) ·
  [Project Home](https://emil-xr.eu/lighthouse-projects/upf-ar-magic-lantern/) ·
  [Discord](https://discord.gg/zWZT3yKf4q)**
<hr size="1" />

![](./arml-website/docs/images/arml-render-ob.png)

<hr size="1" />

This repository contains a Software Development Kit (SDK) for creating augmented reality (AR) experiences for the AR Magic Lantern (ARML), an ongoing research project led by the [Full-Body Interaction Lab](https://www.upf.edu/web/fubintlab) at [Universitat Pompeu Fabra](https://www.upf.edu/). 

- [Project Home](https://emil-xr.eu/lighthouse-projects/upf-ar-magic-lantern/)  
Background information about the project and its history.

- [SDK Documentation ](https://fubilab.github.io/arml-sdk/)  
Start here if you want to develop with the SDK.

- [ARML Hardware](https://fubilab.github.io/arml-sdk/docs/hardware.html)  
Learn how to build or obtain the AR Magic Lantern hardware.

## Quick start

To start building software for the ARML:
1. Create a new Unity project from Unity Hub
   - Version 6000.0.23 or later
   - Use the "Universal 3D" template
2. Change the .NET API settings
   - Go to `Edit -> Project Settings...`
   - Open the `Player` section
   - Under `Other Settings > Configuration`, find `Api Compatibility Level`
   - Change the value to: `.NET Framework`
3. Download the [ARML SDK Unity Package](https://github.com/fubilab/arml-sdk/releases/latest/download/arml-sdk.unitypackage)
4. Drag the downloaded `arml-sdk.unitypackage` file into the Unity project.
5. Leave all items selected and click `Import`
6. Once the package has loaded, a window should pop up with instructions and tutorial content. 

If you encounter any problems, please get in touch with us on the [ARML Discord](https://discord.gg/zWZT3yKf4q).

## Under the hood

Not necessary for building experiences with the SDK, but useful if you want to go deeper and contribute to the project or experiment with its internals.

- [Unity template project](./arml-unity/)  
Modify the ARML Unity project and export a package that can be used in other projects.

- [Generate Documentation](./arml-website/)  
Learn how to edit and build the SDK documentation website.

- [Arduino Control](./arml-arduino/)  
Learn how to edit, build and deploy the code that runs on the ARML's Arduino module. 

## Visual Positioning System [experimental]

The ARML project is developing a Visual Positioning System (VPS) that allows the device to locate itself within a known, pre-mapped area. The VPS is still in the experimental stage and has not yet been integrated into the SDK.

- [Mapping Utilities](./arml-utils/)  
Scripts for recording video from the ARML cameras, which can then be used to create 3D models and train localization AI models.

- [VPS Training](https://github.com/fubilab/vps-training)  
Scripts and documentation for training the VPS of the ARML.

- [VPS Inference](https://github.com/fubilab/vps-inference)  
C++ implementation of the VPS inference runtime.

<hr size="1">
<a href="https://www.upf.edu/web/fubintlab">
<img src="./arml-website/docs/images/FubIntLab.jpg" height="50" margin="5"/></a>
&nbsp;&nbsp;
<a href="https://emil-xr.eu">
<img src="./arml-website/docs/images/emil-logo.png" height="50"/></a>
&nbsp;&nbsp;
<a href="https://upf.edu">
<img src="./arml-website/docs/images/UPF.png" height="50"/></a>
<hr size="1">
<img src="./arml-website/docs/images/funded-by-the-eu.png" height="50" />

Commit message:

Release 1.0.1 (#4)
* deployment fixes

- set text material to outline variant
- change camera control to use keys instead of axes
- set render pipeline on initial load
- activate stencil layer in Wall Game

* add TMP essentials to quick start instructions

README.md, after:

# AR Magic Lantern SDK
**[GitHub](https://github.com/fubilab/arml-sdk) ·
  [Documentation](https://fubilab.github.io/arml-sdk/) ·
  [Project Home](https://emil-xr.eu/lighthouse-projects/upf-ar-magic-lantern/) ·
  [Discord](https://discord.gg/zWZT3yKf4q)**
<hr size="1" />

![](./arml-website/docs/images/arml-render-ob.png)

<hr size="1" />

This repository contains a Software Development Kit (SDK) for creating augmented reality (AR) experiences for the AR Magic Lantern (ARML), an ongoing research project led by the [Full-Body Interaction Lab](https://www.upf.edu/web/fubintlab) at [Universitat Pompeu Fabra](https://www.upf.edu/). 

- [Project Home](https://emil-xr.eu/lighthouse-projects/upf-ar-magic-lantern/)  
Background information about the project and its history.

- [SDK Documentation ](https://fubilab.github.io/arml-sdk/)  
Start here if you want to develop with the SDK.

- [ARML Hardware](https://fubilab.github.io/arml-sdk/docs/hardware.html)  
Learn how to build or obtain the AR Magic Lantern hardware.

## Quick start

To start building software for the ARML:
1. Create a new Unity project from Unity Hub
   - Version 6000.0.23 or later
   - Use the "Universal 3D" template
2. Change the .NET API settings
   - Go to `Edit -> Project Settings...`
   - Open the `Player` section
   - Under `Other Settings > Configuration`, find `Api Compatibility Level`
   - Change the value to: `.NET Framework`
3. Import TextMeshPro Essentials
   - Go to `Window -> TextMeshPro -> Import TMP Essential Resources`
   - In the Import window that opens, click `Import`
4. Download the [ARML SDK Unity Package](https://github.com/fubilab/arml-sdk/releases/latest/download/arml-sdk.unitypackage)
5. Double-click the downloaded `arml-sdk.unitypackage` file to open it in the Unity project.
6. In the Import window that opens, leave all items selected and click `Import`
7. Once the package has loaded, a window should pop up with instructions and tutorial content. 

If you encounter any problems, please get in touch with us on the [ARML Discord](https://discord.gg/zWZT3yKf4q).

## Under the hood

Not necessary for building experiences with the SDK, but useful if you want to go deeper and contribute to the project or experiment with its internals.

- [Unity template project](./arml-unity/)  
Modify the ARML Unity project and export a package that can be used in other projects.

- [Generate Documentation](./arml-website/)  
Learn how to edit and build the SDK documentation website.

- [Arduino Control](./arml-arduino/)  
Learn how to edit, build and deploy the code that runs on the ARML's Arduino module. 

## Visual Positioning System [experimental]

The ARML project is developing a Visual Positioning System (VPS) that allows the device to locate itself within a known, pre-mapped area. The VPS is still in the experimental stage and has not yet been integrated into the SDK.

- [Mapping Utilities](./arml-utils/)  
Scripts for recording video from the ARML cameras, which can then be used to create 3D models and train localization AI models.

- [VPS Training](https://github.com/fubilab/vps-training)  
Scripts and documentation for training the VPS of the ARML.

- [VPS Inference](https://github.com/fubilab/vps-inference)  
C++ implementation of the VPS inference runtime.

<hr size="1">
<a href="https://www.upf.edu/web/fubintlab">
<img src="./arml-website/docs/images/FubIntLab.jpg" height="50" margin="5"/></a>
&nbsp;&nbsp;
<a href="https://emil-xr.eu">
<img src="./arml-website/docs/images/emil-logo.png" height="50"/></a>
&nbsp;&nbsp;
<a href="https://upf.edu">
<img src="./arml-website/docs/images/UPF.png" height="50"/></a>
<hr size="1">
<img src="./arml-website/docs/images/funded-by-the-eu.png" height="50" />
