arml-unity/README.md, before:

# ARML SDK: Unity Template Project
**[GitHub](https://github.com/fubilab/arml-sdk) ·
  [Documentation](https://fubilab.github.io/arml-sdk/) ·
  [Project Home](https://emil-xr.eu/lighthouse-projects/upf-ar-magic-lantern/) ·
  [Discord](https://discord.gg/zWZT3yKf4q)**
<hr size="1" />

This Unity project that can be used as a template for other projects. To get started, clone the repo or [download the Unity project](https://github.com/fubilab/arml-sdk/releases/download/pre-release/unity-arml-sdk-v0.1.0.zip) and open it in Unity. Then, it is recommended to follow the walkthroughs for the [WallGame](https://fubilab.github.io/arml-sdk/docs/wallgame.html) and [GarumGame](https://fubilab.github.io/arml-sdk/docs/garumgame.html) sample scenes in the [SDK Docs](https://fubilab.github.io/arml-sdk/).

### Requirements

In order to create and edit applications for the ARML using the SDK, you will need:
-	A computer that can run Unity (Windows, Mac or Linux)
-	An installation of Unity version 6000.0.23 or higher

<hr size="1">
<a href="https://www.upf.edu/web/fubintlab">
<img src="../arml-website/docs/images/FubIntLab.jpg" height="50" margin="5"/></a>
&nbsp;&nbsp;
<a href="https://emil-xr.eu">
<img src="../arml-website/docs/images/emil-logo.png" height="50"/></a>
&nbsp;&nbsp;
<a href="https://upf.edu">
<img src="../arml-website/docs/images/UPF.png" height="50"/></a>
<hr size="1">
<img src="../arml-website/docs/images/funded-by-the-eu.png" height="50" />

Commit message:

Deploy SDK as unity package (#3)
* move vosk runtime into Assets

* embed newtonsoft json plugin

* use hidden per-project file to suppress welcome popup

* suppress fishnet review reminder

* update welcome window content

* update readmes and docs for pkg install

---------

Co-authored-by: Francisco Macia <frankmmacia@gmail.com>

arml-unity/README.md, after:

# ARML SDK: Unity Template Project
**[GitHub](https://github.com/fubilab/arml-sdk) ·
  [Documentation](https://fubilab.github.io/arml-sdk/) ·
  [Project Home](https://emil-xr.eu/lighthouse-projects/upf-ar-magic-lantern/) ·
  [Discord](https://discord.gg/zWZT3yKf4q)**
<hr size="1" />

This Unity project that can be used as a template for other projects. To get started, clone the repo and open `arml-unity` in Unity. Then, it is recommended to follow the walkthroughs for the [WallGame](https://fubilab.github.io/arml-sdk/docs/wallgame.html) and [GarumGame](https://fubilab.github.io/arml-sdk/docs/garumgame.html) sample scenes in the [SDK Docs](https://fubilab.github.io/arml-sdk/).

### Requirements

In order to create and edit applications for the ARML using the SDK, you will need:
-	A computer that can run Unity (Windows, Mac or Linux)
-	An installation of Unity version 6000.0.23 or higher

### Exporting a package

To use the project as a template for other ARML projects, you can export it as a package.

1. In the Unity project browser, select the `Assets/ARML` and `Assets/StreamingAssets` folders.
2. Go to `Assets -> Export Package...`
3. Leave the default settings and click `Export...`

<hr size="1">
<a href="https://www.upf.edu/web/fubintlab">
<img src="../arml-website/docs/images/FubIntLab.jpg" height="50" margin="5"/></a>
&nbsp;&nbsp;
<a href="https://emil-xr.eu">
<img src="../arml-website/docs/images/emil-logo.png" height="50"/></a>
&nbsp;&nbsp;
<a href="https://upf.edu">
<img src="../arml-website/docs/images/UPF.png" height="50"/></a>
<hr size="1">
<img src="../arml-website/docs/images/funded-by-the-eu.png" height="50" />
