arml-website/docs/installation.md, before:

# Installation

In order to create and edit applications for the ARML using the SDK, you will need:
-	A computer that can run the Unity game engine (Windows, Mac or Linux)
-	An installation of the Unity game engine version 6000.0.23 or higher

## Installing the Unity Package

The easiest way to get started is to install the ARML SDK Unity Package:

1. Create a new Unity project from Unity Hub
   - Version 6000.0.23 or later
   - Use the "Universal 3D" template
2. Change the .NET API settings
   - Go to `Edit > Project Settings...`
   - Go to `Player` section
   - Under `Other Settings`, find `Configuration > Api Compatibility Level`
   - Change the value to `.NET Framework`
3. Download the [ARML SDK Unity Package](https://github.com/fubilab/arml-sdk/releases/latest/download/arml-sdk.unitypackage)
4. Double-click the downloaded `arml-sdk.unitypackage` file to open it in the Unity project.
5. Leave all items selected and click `Import`
6. Once the package has loaded, a window should pop up with instructions and tutorial content. 

If you encounter any problems, please get in touch with us on the [ARML Discord](https://discord.gg/zWZT3yKf4q).

## Running and testing on the ARML

In order to run the applications on the AR Magic Lantern, you will need:
-	The ARML hardware developer kit
-	A USB drive
-	A mouse and keyboard with USB

The [ARML hardware reference design](./hardware.md) is open source, so you can build your own if you have the ability. 

If you are interested in obtaining an ARML hardware developer kit, please contact us on our [Discord](https://discord.gg/zWZT3yKf4q).

Commit message:

Release 1.0.1 (#4)
* deployment fixes

- set text material to outline variant
- change camera control to use keys instead of axes
- set render pipeline on initial load
- activate stencil layer in Wall Game

* add TMP essentials to quick start instructions

arml-website/docs/installation.md, after:

# Installation

In order to create and edit applications for the ARML using the SDK, you will need:
-	A computer that can run the Unity game engine (Windows, Mac or Linux)
-	An installation of the Unity game engine version 6000.0.23 or higher

## Installing the Unity Package

The easiest way to get started is to install the ARML SDK Unity Package:

1. Create a new Unity project from Unity Hub
   - Version 6000.0.23 or later
   - Use the "Universal 3D" template
2. Change the .NET API settings
   - Go to `Edit -> Project Settings...`
   - Open the `Player` section
   - Under `Other Settings > Configuration`, find `Api Compatibility Level`
   - Change the value to: `.NET Framework`
3. Import TextMeshPro Essentials
   - Go to `Window -> TextMeshPro -> Import TMP Essential Resources`
   - In the Import window that opens, click `Import`
4. Download the [ARML SDK Unity Package](https://github.com/fubilab/arml-sdk/releases/latest/download/arml-sdk.unitypackage)
5. Double-click the downloaded `arml-sdk.unitypackage` file to open it in the Unity project.
6. In the Import window that opens, leave all items selected and click `Import`
7. Once the package has loaded, a window should pop up with instructions and tutorial content. 

If you encounter any problems, please get in touch with us on the [ARML Discord](https://discord.gg/zWZT3yKf4q).

## Running and testing on the ARML

In order to run the applications on the AR Magic Lantern, you will need:
-	The ARML hardware developer kit
-	A USB drive
-	A mouse and keyboard with USB

The [ARML hardware reference design](./hardware.md) is open source, so you can build your own if you have the ability. 

If you are interested in obtaining an ARML hardware developer kit, please contact us on our [Discord](https://discord.gg/zWZT3yKf4q).
