arml-website/docs/peripherals.md, before:

# Peripherals & Accesories

 Peripherals are hardware components that connect to the ARML externally, using the USB-C port or power connector in the battery compartment. Below is a list of recommended peripherals for developing on the ARML. Except where noted, recommendations are brand-agnostic, but vendor links are provided to specific examples of items for purchase that fulfill the requirements.

### Peripherals

| Name | Description | Vendor&nbsp;Links |
| --- | --- | --- |
| AC12V | External 12V DC power supply, minimum current 5A (60W). See [Power Reference](power.md) | [Amazon](https://www.amazon.es/dp/B07PGLXK4X) |
| USBHUB | USB Hub with USB-C PD support (60W min), HDMI, Ethernet (Gigabit).See [Connect the ARML to a Computer](./workflow.md#connect-the-arml-to-the-computer) | [Amazon](https://www.amazon.es/gp/product/B0BW2TLQ8S) | 
| USBNET | USB-C to Ethernet adaptor (Gigabit). See [Connect the ARML to a Computer](./workflow.md#connect-the-arml-to-the-computer) | [Amazon](https://www.amazon.es/gp/product/B08FYB5HHK) | 

### Accessories

| Name | Description | Vendor&nbsp;Links |
| --- | --- | --- |
| CASEROLL  | Hard-shell rolling case, 56cm x 35cm x 25cm | [Amazon](https://www.amazon.es/dp/B01L0LVLLY) |
| CASECARRY | Hard-shell carrying case, 57cm x 42cm x 22cm | [Amazon](https://www.amazon.es/dp/B08K3HWVCL) |
| CHARGE2A  | 2A battery charger | [AliExpress](https://www.aliexpress.com/item/1005006233034942.html) |
| CHARGE5A  | 5A rapid battery charger | [AliExpress](https://www.aliexpress.com/item/1005001608750083.html) |

Commit message:

update power reference
and add troubleshooting

arml-website/docs/peripherals.md, after:

# Peripherals & Accesories

 Peripherals are hardware components that connect to the ARML externally, using the USB-C port or power connector in the battery compartment. Below is a list of recommended peripherals for developing on the ARML. Except where noted, recommendations are brand-agnostic, but vendor links are provided to specific examples of items for purchase that fulfill the requirements.

### Peripherals

| Name | Description | Vendor&nbsp;Links |
| --- | --- | --- |
| AC12V | External 12V DC power supply, minimum current 5A (60W). See [Power Reference](power.md) | [Amazon](https://www.amazon.es/dp/B07PGLXK4X) |
| USBHUB | USB Hub with HDMI, USB-A and Gigabit Ethernet. See [Using USB-C Power](power.md#using-usb-c-power) and [Connect the ARML to a Computer](./workflow.md#connect-the-arml-to-the-computer). | [Amazon](https://www.amazon.es/gp/product/B0BW2TLQ8S) | 
| USBNET | USB-C to Ethernet adaptor (Gigabit). See [Connect the ARML to a Computer](./workflow.md#connect-the-arml-to-the-computer) | [Amazon](https://www.amazon.es/gp/product/B08FYB5HHK) | 
| USBPD | USB-C power supply. Must be compatible with the Power Delivery (PD) standard, provide 12V, and support at least 45W (60W is recommended). See [Using USB-C Power](power.md#using-usb-c-power) | [Amazon](https://www.amazon.es/dp/B0D48H3TR4) | 

### Accessories

| Name | Description | Vendor&nbsp;Links |
| --- | --- | --- |
| CASEROLL  | Hard-shell rolling case, 56cm x 35cm x 25cm | [Amazon](https://www.amazon.es/dp/B01L0LVLLY) |
| CASECARRY | Hard-shell carrying case, 57cm x 42cm x 22cm | [Amazon](https://www.amazon.es/dp/B08K3HWVCL) |
| CHARGE2A  | 2A battery charger | [AliExpress](https://www.aliexpress.com/item/1005006233034942.html) |
| CHARGE5A  | 5A rapid battery charger | [AliExpress](https://www.aliexpress.com/item/1005001608750083.html) |
