arml-website/docs/power.md, before:

# Powering the AR Magic Lantern

The ARML can be powered by a lithium ion battery pack (see [specifications](#battery-specifications)) or with an external power supply that has a USB Type-C connector and is compatible with the USB PD (Power Delivery) standard.

## Using USB-C power

When an appropirate USB-C PD power supply is connected to the back of the lantern, it will not provide power to the projector. Therefore, a common use case for powering it this way is when there is also a monitor, keyboard and mouse attached to the device, by way of a USB hub (see [Building and Running](workflow.md#4-copy-application-files-to-arml-device)).

## Battery specifications

The battery used in the AR Magic lantern is a custom fabrication that includes a built in BMS (Battery Management System) to prevent over-charging and over-discharging, as well as simple fuel gauge mounted to the front of the pack.

![](images/battery-overview.jpg)
*Photo of ARML battery pack, showing the Molex plug that connects it to the ARML.*

![](images/battery-gauge.jpg)
*Close-up photo of the front of the ARML battery pack, showing the fuel gauge after the "TEST" button has been pressed*

| Attribute                 | Value                 |
|---------------------------|-----------------------|
| Dimensions                | 135x75x25mm           |
| Weight                    | 300g                  |
| Nominal capacity          | 10Ah                  | 
| Nominal voltage           | 12.6V                 |
| Quantity of cells         | 6 cells               |
| Cell specification        | 3.7V 5Ah 21700        |
| Cell combination          | 1 series / 3 parallel | 
| Cell size                 | 140x74x25 mm          |
| Discharge speed           | 1C                    |
| BMS current rating        | 40A                   |
| Discharge cut-off voltage | 8.4V                  |
| Charging cut-off voltage  | 12.6V                 |
| Nominal current rating    | 20A                   |
| Peak current rating       | 20A                   |
| Continuous current rating | 30A                   |
| Max charge current        | 5A                    |
| Charging mode             | CC/CV                 |
| Power rating              | 120W                  |
| Charge time (2A)          | 12 hours              |
| Rapid charge time (5A)    | 3 hours               |
| Lifespan                  | Up to 800 cycles      |
| Temperature range         | -20 to 60 deg C       |

Commit message:

add power and wiring reference pages

arml-website/docs/power.md, after:

# Powering the AR Magic Lantern

The ARML can be powered by a lithium ion battery pack (see [specifications](#battery-specifications)) or with an external power supply that has a USB Type-C connector and is compatible with the USB PD (Power Delivery) standard.

## Using USB-C power

When an appropirate USB-C PD power supply is connected to the back of the lantern, it will not provide power to the projector. Therefore, a common use case for powering it this way is when there is also a monitor, keyboard and mouse attached to the device, by way of a USB hub (see [Building and Running](workflow.md#4-copy-application-files-to-arml-device)).

The power supply should be rated to deliver at least 45W of power, but the recommended rating is 60W or higher. Adapters designed for laptops that support a USB-C power supply will probably work. [Example on Amazon](https://www.amazon.es/USB-65W-Ordenador-Universal-Adaptador/dp/B0D48H3TR4)

## Battery specifications

The battery used in the AR Magic lantern is a custom fabrication that includes a built in BMS (Battery Management System) to prevent over-charging and over-discharging, as well as simple fuel gauge mounted to the front of the pack.

![](images/battery-overview.jpg)
*Photo of ARML battery pack, showing the Molex plug that connects it to the ARML.*

![](images/battery-gauge.jpg)
*Close-up photo of the front of the ARML battery pack, showing the fuel gauge after the "TEST" button has been pressed*

| Attribute                 | Value                 |
|---------------------------|-----------------------|
| Dimensions                | 135x75x25mm           |
| Weight                    | 300g                  |
| Nominal capacity          | 10Ah                  | 
| Nominal voltage           | 12.6V                 |
| Quantity of cells         | 6 cells               |
| Cell specification        | 3.7V 5Ah 21700        |
| Cell combination          | 1 series / 3 parallel | 
| Cell size                 | 140x74x25 mm          |
| Discharge speed           | 1C                    |
| BMS current rating        | 40A                   |
| Discharge cut-off voltage | 8.4V                  |
| Charging cut-off voltage  | 12.6V                 |
| Nominal current rating    | 20A                   |
| Peak current rating       | 20A                   |
| Continuous current rating | 30A                   |
| Max charge current        | 5A                    |
| Charging mode             | CC/CV                 |
| Power rating              | 120W                  |
| Charge time (2A)          | 12 hours              |
| Rapid charge time (5A)    | 3 hours               |
| Lifespan                  | Up to 800 cycles      |
| Temperature range         | -20 to 60 deg C       |
